SAP on SecNumCloud (#6628)
ovh/docs: pages/hosted_private_cloud/sap_on_ovhcloud/concept_sap_on_secnumcloud/guide.en-gb.md

As a reminder, the ANSSI strongly recommends not opening the SecNumCloud environment to unqualified external PAMS support.

### 6 - Dual regions (optional)

To ensure high availability and mitigate the risk of total service loss, you may consider deploying a second OVHcloud region with an identical service. In the event of a primary region failure, the secondary region can take over and maintain service continuity.

#### 6.1 - Network connectivity

For constant security and connectivity of your infrastructure, we recommend using OVHcloud Connect in the secondary OVHcloud region, similar to the primary region, as well as a Secure Private Network VPN (VPN-SPN) between your on-premises site and your SecNumCloud-qualified SAP HANA on Private Cloud infrastructure. This VPN-SPN connection must be attached to the same vRack and extended to your two SAP HANA on a SecNumCloud-qualifed Private Cloud infrastructure, using the InterDC feature. This way, a secure, wide-area network is created, enabling seamless communication between all the components of your infrastructure.

#### 6.2 - SAP HANA database

> SAP HANA replication, known as SAP HSR, plays a key role in replicating data and configurations from your primary OVHcloud region to your secondary OVHcloud region. This replication process allows you to secure your data in a separate SAP HANA database, resulting in the lowest possible maximum allowable data loss (RPO). SAP HSR provides high availability and disaster recovery capabilities by offering synchronous and asynchronous replication modes. For detailed information about the different replication modes supported by SAP HANA, see the SAP documentation on [SAP Help Portal](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_HANA_PLATFORM/6b94445c94ae495c83a19646e7c3fd56/c3fe0a3c263c49dc9404143306455e16.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SAP HANA replication, known as SAP HSR, plays a key role in replicating data and configurations from your primary OVHcloud region to your secondary OVHcloud region. This replication process allows you to secure your data in a separate SAP HANA database, thereby minimizing the maximum tolerable data loss (RPO) to its lowest extent. SAP HSR provides high availability and disaster recovery capabilities by offering synchronous and asynchronous replication modes. For detailed information about the different replication modes supported by SAP HANA, see the SAP documentation on [SAP Help Portal](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_HANA_PLATFORM/6b94445c94ae495c83a19646e7c3fd56/c3fe0a3c263c49dc9404143306455e16.html).
```
